[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
30 years ago, a group
of little beings in monks'
robes appeared to Penny Kelly
after a Kundalini awakening.
They showed her visions
of future Earth,
which was chronicled in
her books, The Robes.
Today, we're going to move the
story both forward and backward
and look at where in
the process of creating
by way of our future.
Welcome, Penny.
>>PENNY KELLY: Thank you.
It's really exciting to be here.
>>REGINA: It's fun.
I mean, I've interviewed
you offline elsewhere,
but we've never met
person-to-person until now,
through the years.
So it's good to see you.
And you're very
beloved by people.
And there is such
a sweetness to you
that you carry forward
through your information.
And I can see why so.
Sometimes, it's nice
to be in the flesh.
You really pick that up.
>>KELLY: I like people.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
you do like people.
>>KELLY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So, Penny, let's
talk for the audience
that does not know you.
Let's go back to 1980, '81--
'80 or '81, right in there.
>>KELLY: Oh, '80,
'81, part of '82.
>>REGINA: OK.
Back to that time, yeah,
42, 43 years ago now.
And talk about what your
life was like at the time
and what happened to you.
And then we'll start
moving the story forward.
>>KELLY: At the time, I was
an engineer for Chrysler,
and I was not into anything
spiritual, nothing.
And then boom, there was this
massive Kundalini experience,
a whole series of them.
In fact, Kundalini
is an ongoing thing.
It's not just a one time deal,
or it hasn't been for me.
But overnight, I knew a whole
bunch that I didn't know before.
I understood who I was,
what I was doing here.
Overnight, you are psychic,
clairvoyant, clairaudient,
clairsentient.
It was a very hard transition.
>>REGINA: I can imagine,
but what a gift.
A lot of people
that are wandering
around the Earth throughout
incarnations are saying,
what am I doing here?
What am I here for?
I mean, all the way up
to leaving their bodies.
So you're very
fortunate that you
were able to get a glimpse
at a young age of who you are
and what you're here to
do because you gave you
a lot of years to do it in.
>>KELLY: That's right.
[LAUGHTER]
I didn't think of it that
way, but that's correct.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about then the appearance
of the little beings, almost
like little monks in robes.
>>KELLY: Yeah, they were.
>>REGINA: Yeah, let's start
talking about how they first
came in and what the
whole experience of them
was, and then the
revelations that they
started sharing with you.
You can take your time on this.
>>KELLY: They appeared
on a winter night,
I think it was in January.
And it was one of
those moments where I'm
at the sink, peeling potatoes--
>>REGINA: Of course--
>>KELLY: --getting
ready to make dinner.
>>REGINA: --that's what
happens when you peel potatoes
at the sink.
>>KELLY: Yeah.
I know.
And all of a sudden,
you get this feeling
that you're not alone.
And it was just
this creepy feeling.
And I turned around
and looked, and there
were these seven
little men wearing
these brown robes
that looked like monks
standing in the kitchen.
And I was not very graceful.
>>REGINA: Yeah, what did you do?
Did you freak out?
>>KELLY: I did.
I freaked out, and I had
been because of Kundalini.
Kundalini is, for me,
started with reading minds
and understanding what people
were thinking and seeing
the future.
All that kind of
thing, and so I was
trying to wipe that away all
the time and go back to normal.
And now here's these
seven little men.
And I thought for
a minute, OK, I'm
having another crazy perception?
And then they started
talking and I just, blah.
So I ran--
>>REGINA: I can't hear you.
[LAUGHTER]
>>KELLY: Yeah.
If I had known, I would
have gone la, la, la, la.
I ended up running
away into the bedroom,
climbing under the covers,
trying to make them go away.
And they came to
the bedroom door,
which freaked me out even more.
And they were so bright and
so polite and so cheerful.
And they said, well,
we'll be back when you're
having a better time of it.
And so they let me know
that they weren't giving up.
And so then they came
back again some time later
and I ignored them and was rude.
And that went against
everything in me.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you're
not a rude person.
>>KELLY: No.
And I was raised to be polite,
and so then I felt guilty.
So then they came
back the third time
and I thought, OK, they wanted
to show me some pictures.
And I thought, OK.
I'm going to look at the
pictures and they'll go away.
>>REGINA: So at any point,
did they identify who they
were, where they were from.
They just showed up and said,
we have pictures to show you.
>>KELLY: That's right.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>KELLY: I did hear
a little bit later,
and I have learned since then
that there are groups of people
who go around the planet or
the cosmos, the solar system,
and they look for people
whose lights have turned on.
And when you have a
Kundalini experience,
your energy field
lights up and it
becomes about three times
bigger than it normally is.
And they know that's somebody
who's going to have trouble.
>>REGINA: So they set up beacon.
You just lit up.
We got to go.
So they found you.
OK, so now what
about the pictures
they wanted to show you.
>>KELLY: Oh, wow.
So the pictures, the very
first pictures were--
they said, come with us.
So we left the body.
That's another thing
that goes with Kundalini
in and out of the body,
OBEs at will anytime.
And so they took me out and we
were out away from the planet
enough to see the whole planet.
And it was just kind
of hanging there
and I'm like, what are we doing?
What is this about?
And all of a sudden,
the planet rocked.
And the ocean splashed and
it was not a pretty sight.
And I thought, well, OK, so--
>>REGINA: Was it indicating like
a polar shift or an axis shift?
>>KELLY: There are
several things.
We do have polar shifts.
We do have axis shifts.
Actually, the planet shifts.
The axis doesn't.
We do have solar flashes
that will bump the planet.
And we also have
these little, I'm
going to call it these little
wobbles, extra wobbles that
occur.
And they cause flooding, major
flooding around the planet,
wipes out a lot of people
because a lot of people
live on the coast.
And so I was like, now, wait
a minute, wait a minute.
I wasn't sure I wanted
to keep looking.
I thought it was too fantastic.
I had an engineer's
brain at that point.
So part of me was
going, what happened?
>>REGINA: What was that?
>>KELLY: Yeah, exactly.
How and why?
Those are my favorite
questions in the world.
They ended up saying,
this kind of thing
is mother nature
healing herself.
It's the planet healing herself.
She's a living being.
And I was like, what?
So in the end, it really
was a situation where
that was the first thing I saw.
And then they came back.
And each time they
came back for the next
like-- there were probably
18 to 20 visits altogether.
I wrote about 16
of them in my book,
but each time they addressed a
different part of reality for us
here.
Governance, they said
everything that's happening now,
I saw all that.
>>REGINA: Must change.
>>KELLY: Yeah.
And they said, it's because
you've outgrown your system.
You have to move up.
And at the time, I wasn't
sure what that meant.
Now, I get that.
That's very clear now.
We're moving to
4D and 5D people,
and that's a whole different
kind of consciousness.
So over the course
of those visits,
I learned that the
future was ours to create
and that we needed
to begin creating.
This was the bottom line.
That bottom line, I think
we're at that right now.
It's time to do something
that's very positive, wonderful,
creative.
That's kind of sassy.
>>REGINA: Hm-mm.
Oh, yes, in fact,
I've interviewed
various channeled groups.
I have a few people
who are channelers
and their groups I've come
to know over the years
and talked to them.
And it almost seems
to be a consensus
that we have reached
the tipping point,
but we actually tipped over.
We've just slipped
over where [EXHALES]
>>KELLY: That's right.
>>REGINA: OK, you guys
are going to make it.
You're going to be fine.
>>KELLY: I know.
>>REGINA: You're
going to be fine.
We made it past that scary
point that people were so scared
of if it existed in real terms
the way we know it at all.
We don't know.
These things are put in
our vision for a reason.
>>KELLY: We don't want to know.
>>REGINA: We don't want to know.
And sometimes, things
are shown to us in a way
that we need to see
it to take action.
But they all say,
you have to know,
these systems are going to
crumble in an incredible chaos
for a while here.
>>KELLY: That's right.
>>REGINA: And we're
going to have,
you tell us what you were
seeing and what that looks like.
And we've been told
this repeatedly,
where you're going into a
good 8, 10 years of chaos,
but that's OK, because
you're going to make it.
And so you've got to let the
old crumble to build the new.
So let's talk about what
they showed to you and how--
and because there
are so many things
you were shown about the future.
>>KELLY: Yeah.
Yeah, there was a lot.
The things that really
caught my attention
were bombs going off
in a lot of places.
First, there were
the two big incidents
at the Trade
Center, the one that
didn't work very well and
then the one that did.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And in the Timothy
McVeigh versus 9/11.
>>KELLY: No, there was an
original bombing at the Trade
Center, but it
didn't do the damage
that they intended it to do, so
they went back and did it again.
>>REGINA: OK.
All right.
>>KELLY: So I saw that.
But the thing that
really broke my heart
was watching the
decay of the cities,
and the people who
lived in those cities,
they were having
difficulties of every sort.
They didn't have food.
They couldn't get water.
There were gangs
that were roaming
around that were not helpful.
Some gangs were organizing
people, but most of them
were not.
So that was very upsetting.
A lot of people died
from starvation.
I saw some things that
just freaked me out
in terms of people
eating people.
It was not good.
>>REGINA: It was a timeline
that went into a very desperate.
>>KELLY: Desperation.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Desperate ending, or
on an ending pathway.
>>KELLY: Yeah, right.
Yeah, and then little
by little, after we
had covered what had to happen
with the governance system, what
had to happen with
business, what had to happen
with our ideas
about family and sex
and raising children and money.
All of all of that
affected me deeply.
And then they went
into and here's
what you're moving toward.
And that was-- it was magical.
>>REGINA: So what
were they showing you
about by way of connection
and family back in 1980,
'81 that you would be
alerted to see in the future?
>>KELLY: The biggest
thing was what
would happen in the
schools, and that would
help to destroy the family.
The second thing was
the medical issue
that would take place
and the call for ID.
Medical ID, and that
would not be good.
The family just was
breaking down at every turn.
And they said, you cannot send
your children away to school
because the school isn't
teaching them anything,
number one.
And all you're
teaching the child
is that they're not important,
and they have to be sent away.
And that was just like, oh, wow.
Then later, when I became
an educational consultant
and I actually worked in
schools, then I realized,
yeah, they're right.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>>KELLY: They were
more than right.
So that all of that
breakdown was hard to see.
It was hard to watch.
>>REGINA: But a lot of
it has come to pass.
And now, let me just
ask you, I mean,
it gets a little political.
We're not meaning it
in a political way.
But when COVID happened, cities
broke down all over the world.
Supply chains in general
were disrupted everywhere
around the planet.
There's not a country that
didn't suffer and isn't still
suffering from the
effects of what happened
to supply chain breakdowns.
And you had some countries
that took it a little further
and started talking about
potential vaccine passports
where you couldn't
leave the country.
And some countries
did this where
you can't leave your
country or enter
a country unless it shows that
you have your vaccination card.
Official vaccination card.
Is that some of
what-- when that all
happened, did you
think, oh, my God,
that's kind of what
I was looking at?
>>KELLY: I had a hard
time believing that.
I kept thinking, there's
no way that the US or any
of the Western countries
are going to come to that.
And so I didn't put
much in the book.
I just mentioned that there
was a call for medical ID.
And let it go at that.
The message that
went with that was
that we were damned
if we did and damned
if we didn't institute
that medical procedure.
>>REGINA: Tell us what that
means damned if we did versus
didn't.
>>KELLY: That if
we didn't do it,
it would mean that the whole
system was breaking down.
And that's really
where they wanted
us to go because they said,
you've outgrown your system.
And if we did do it, we would
move into a totalitarian set up
and be very unhappy.
And that would blow
up down the line.
>>REGINA: Fortunately,
it seems to have
been mitigated or
bypassed for the most
part in most of the world.
>>KELLY: Inch by inch
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, tiptoed around that one.
But nonetheless, we don't
know what the future holds,
because if the notion that we
were to have had this system
fall apart and destroyed
and we're still
in that chaotic process, there
could be another one of these
comes along.
And we could, as a globe, as a
people, react very differently
and what do you see.
And now in terms of, well,
our human development,
how would we resolve
that next time you think?
>>KELLY: OK, to really
answer that honestly, I
have to go into why
I'm actually here.
>>REGINA: OK, just so
you know, so you don't
have to feel uncomfortable.
I've interviewed
Dr. Linda Backman,
who talks about all the
different kinds of souls
from different planets,
interplanetary,
ET species that are
third dimensional,
others that are here.
There are all kinds--
we're all kind of hybrids
of one kind or another.
So whatever you
have to say will not
be unfamiliar to this audience.
>>KELLY: OK.
So there's been an effort
to take over planet
Earth for a very long time.
That takeover effort is being
countered by other people
from elsewhere.
OK.
So when it got to be
a critical moment,
there was a call that went out
and that call was for volunteers
to be born into the system.
And so I volunteered.
A lot of training went into
that, and I was put on a team.
There are four teams here
and one team is media,
one team is medical,
one team is legal,
and the other team is we
call it the takedown team.
We don't say much about them.
They're very hidden.
But there's about between 60
and 70 people on each team,
very, very carefully placed.
And the goal-- my
particular task
was to teach about the
mind and consciousness.
And I was told, you will
stay under the radar.
You will stay under the radar
because they'll take you out
in a minute.
Until we tell you go,
you will not be public.
You won't say much.
>>REGINA: So when
was your go date?
>>KELLY: It was October.
I think it was October
20 or 29, 2018.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KELLY: And actually,
you're the one who
triggered some of that crisis.
>>REGINA: Oh, I'm sorry.
Crisis, you didn't tell me that.
What do you mean?
>>KELLY: Well, you had
invited me to be on your site,
and so we did a program,
a couple of interviews--
>>REGINA: Yeah, on the road.
>>KELLY: --and I was like,
should I say anything?
Should I be--
So I'm being very careful.
But that attracted
attention and I started
getting other invitations.
And then I was like, oh, no,
I haven't gotten word yet.
And so I'm stewing and
chewing and thinking
of turning down some of these.
And one of my people appeared
in my bedroom and said,
OK, go, go, go, go.
>>REGINA: It's time.
The cat's out of the bag.
Go for it.
>>KELLY: That's right.
>>REGINA: So All right.
Well, I didn't know I was
part of that initiation,
but good to know.
>>KELLY: Yeah, sure.
>>REGINA: So then you start
speaking more publicly
about this.
So let's get into what
each of these-- and it's
important to note,
there are many,
many beings that are on
this planet right now
from other dimensions and other
third dimensional places that
are here to usher through us
through this period as hands off
and sweet a way as
possible, because this
is a precious species.
Humans are so unique and complex
and precious as a template
throughout the universe.
And we can't say
that strongly enough.
So you're one of
these team members,
you're part of the media team.
But let's talk about
the other teams, too,
and what they were here
and how they suddenly
were able to work with people.
>>KELLY: There were
only a few team leaders.
I'm one of the team leaders.
Two of my other team
leaders, one has died.
He was at the UN way up there,
and he was a huge source
of information for me.
The other one is now much
older and she's not doing well,
so she's not working.
She did her task.
She lives in South America now.
But the media team,
their task was
to tell the truth about
the turning point.
The turning point was
between 2015 and 2021.
And so that the choice that
was made, a lot of people
fell for the come on to get a
particular medical procedure.
And a lot of people just--
>>REGINA: There was a
choice point for humanity.
>>KELLY: Yeah, that's right.
>>REGINA: But the problem
is that the same forces that
have tried to keep people
essentially quiet and compliant.
I think that's a
good way to say it.
Quiet and compliant,
don't look too far.
Don't look too far, but
your palm will do for now.
[LAUGHTER]
What's in your palm
will do for now.
>>KELLY: Right here.
>>REGINA: Misled the public.
So it was very difficult to
make intelligent decisions
at that time.
It's going to be as difficult,
if not more difficult
on the next round,
which I believe
there will be a next round.
>>KELLY: There is.
There is.
So the media team,
the task was--
well, my task was to
teach, but in the main,
their task was to keep the
issues, keep the hope alive,
keep the truth flowing
as much as possible
and give people something
to hang on to so that they
could make the
turn even if they'd
got the medical procedure.
Now, the medical
team, some of them
were to just out and out say
no, don't do this, and they did.
But some of that
medical team are
people that are scientists
that have we'll say,
new technologies that
are ready to be shared.
And so the media team is trying
to keep people's hopes up
and keep their chin up.
At the same time,
the medical people
are saying we're working on
a cure or fix or whatever,
and we already have that.
So I know what that is, but
I'm not at liberty to say.
And then the legal
team is really
immersed in like sparking
new conversations
about what kind of governance,
what kind of country,
what kind of changes,
what kind of additions,
subtractions,
multiplications, whatever
are needed in order to
refresh the country.
And then the takedown team
is taking out the corruption.
And that's very
hidden at this point.
>>REGINA: Well,
everybody has their ways.
It's not our business, really.
Just to know that there
is a grace to all of it
and that everything
takes place as it
needs to like you say
addition and subtraction of--
>>KELLY: Yeah.
So that's pretty much the teams.
Everybody has really
done a phenomenal job.
I think watching from
a distance and trying
to keep my own self from being
completely overloaded by all
the work that's involved.
It's been a process that
is incredibly rewarding.
Sometimes, it's kind
of a head scratcher.
What are we going
to do about that?
>>REGINA: Well, to
get from A to B,
I mean, that's the thing
is how do make this leap.
>>KELLY: That's right.
>>REGINA: What are all
the interim steps that
will have to happen.
>>KELLY: Yeah.
And the leap is from 3D
consciousness to 4D and even 5D.
>>REGINA: And people
need to understand
that that doesn't
mean you're living
in the fourth or
fifth dimension.
Well, in fact, we probably are
closer to the fourth dimension
now physically.
Doesn't mean we're living in
the fifth dimensional physical
energy, but our consciousness
is moving into fifth dimension--
>>KELLY: That's right.
>>REGINA: --consciousness.
>>KELLY: Now, most people think
of fourth and fifth dimension
as someplace else,
a different Earth.
And what I think
is really important
is for people to
understand is that you
want to be able
to address and be
comfortable in all three
dimensions third, fourth,
and fifth.
And there's a different
consciousness.
But it's not-- if I had to
describe the consciousness,
I don't have my chart in
front of me, but in the 3D,
there's ways of thinking
about, let's just use business.
It's about competition.
OK.
4D is about cooperation and
5D, it's about cooperation
and healing and making
sure everything is win-win.
And so that's a whole
different way of operating.
And I have four
pages of differences
between third and fourth and
fifth dimensional consciousness.
And once you read those, most
people think, I can do that.
I can go there.
>>REGINA: They're already
starting to do it.
They're already starting to
reject the ways of business.
It was interesting just to show
how ugly and awful it's become.
Very recently, one
of the lone execs
in a certain division of B of
A was worked so hard, I mean,
like running a poor
horse into the ground.
He was working over 100 hours
a week and make that sale.
You got to make that sale.
Your commission is
dependent on it.
He was doing everything
to be the perfect closer
and he dropped dead.
He was in his 30s.
Dropped dead, his heart just
gave out and, this is good,
B of A said, oh my god.
Oh my god.
>>KELLY: What have we done?
>>REGINA: What have we done.
And so B of A had to
start backing off,
and now they're having
to read-- this is new.
Reexamine their whole
corporate culture
that you can't treat
people like that.
But he's the sacrifice.
And there are people who've
come in for just that purpose.
>>KELLY: That's exactly right.
>>REGINA: To show us just
how corrupt it's become
and how draining of the human
spirit and human battery, energy
field.
>>KELLY: I know.
I know.
We have to become new humans.
And when we do that,
it's a new consciousness.
You can't become a new human
and keep the old consciousness.
That doesn't work.
>>REGINA: And it's starting.
We're seeing it.
So now I want to ask you this.
OK, so we're already
starting to see it.
Even B of A is recognizing they
have to change their ways a bit.
That's big.
>>KELLY: That is huge.
>>REGINA: It's very
hopeful and there's
something else
going on in the news
right now that's giving some
potential for hope as well.
So let's go now.
This all takes time.
We're going to watch
chaos for a little while.
We're going to be part of it.
We're going to make our
own empowered decisions
as to how we want to show up
as healers, every one of us
in our own lives and
among our own clans.
We're all going to do that.
But what about the younger
generations being born now?
Gen Z, let's talk about
them first and then let's
go to the little alphas.
They're quite young, these
little brilliant things.
>>KELLY: [LAUGHS] OK, so one
of the things that we have
in the future with those Gen
Z people is that they really--
they have a
different vision, OK?
They are the engine
of that new world.
And I am really very excited
about what I see with them.
There's been a lot of
talk among people my age.
How do we get them involved?
I'm like, they are involved.
>>REGINA: They're going
to do it their own way.
>>KELLY: That's right.
That's exactly right.
And they are out there in terms
of they're out of the box.
That's what I mean by out there.
They're out of the 3D box and
that is such a free thing.
>>REGINA: It's wonderful.
If I can interject
something, you'll appreciate.
So I interviewed someone named
Vernon Mahabal the other day,
and he's a lifelong
Vedic astrologer,
but he also is a master
at reading the hands
and he reads hands.
He can read the changes in hands
generationally, regionally.
Their palms and
fingers are going
to be different, depending
on what they're born into.
And I asked him about the Z's.
He said, I said, what are
their characteristics?
He said, thumb.
They have very strong
will and they are here
to live by their true
ethics and character.
>>KELLY: Oh, love it.
>>REGINA: And high character is
the hallmark of that generation.
But that as each
generation goes along,
it's waking up a little
slower because we're going
to be living longer lives.
So it's appropriate.
If you're going to live to be
100 and 120, waking up at 40
is not so bad when.
You live to be 40,
waking up 17 worked.
[LAUGHTER]
And he said, this generation
is going to be waking--
really waking up individually in
their 40s is when they come full
circle with everything
they've experienced.
So what is your thought on that?
>>KELLY: I think that, like
I said, they're the engine,
they're the creative juice.
And what I've seen is that
they have this, I don't know.
If my grandmother
were here, she would
say that they're very willful.
>>REGINA: That's what he said.
They have a strong will.
>>KELLY: OK.
Yeah.
They haven't seen
some of the hard times
that people in my
generation have seen
and they don't want
to create hard times.
They don't create hard times.
That's what I see when
they're moving forward.
And I think that's because
they're living, I call it,
according to their heart.
>>REGINA: Ethics.
True character.
>>KELLY: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
that's sounds like you
and Vernon have a
really wonderful overlay
in your vision.
>>KELLY: I tell you what, if
you don't follow your heart,
you can't have a
relationship with source.
>>REGINA: Right Very true.
>>KELLY: That is something
that they've got in spades.
They may not use
that same language,
but they're working
in a way that is--
I'm like, where did
you get that idea?
And they saw it in some goofy
game, a video game, a movie,
a song.
And I'm looking at all that
and thinking all that stuff
that we've had, the
games, the music,
the changes along those lines.
They've taken that
and run with it.
All the permissions embedded in
those people in my generation
are like, well.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
I mean, this is for
their generation.
>>KELLY: Yeah, it is.
>>REGINA: A generation came
to do what we came to do.
Their generation came for that.
And it was funny, after
I had interviewed Vernon,
went into the cafeteria,
had some lunch, and one
of the lovely men that
works in the cafeteria said,
hey, how's it going?
How was your show?
I said, it was great.
He was just talking
about Gen Z's and what
a strong, beautiful
character they have
that they're going to
have character backbone.
He goes, oh, my God, let me
tell you about my Gen Z brother.
He said, you can't
shake him from what
he believes to be right.
You just can't shake him.
He has such strong character.
>>KELLY: I love that.
>>REGINA: And so that's what
we need because we've kind of--
we've drifted into field of
being exposed to so many ideas
and concepts through the media,
through our educational system,
but just through life,
through entertainment.
The open minded people
will check out everything.
>>KELLY: They do.
>>REGINA: We do.
I mean, that's what humans do.
>>KELLY: And they
borrow and they copy.
>>REGINA: You do that until
you get yourself into a corner
where you say, oh, this
doesn't feel good anymore.
And then you have to swing
back to something that's
a little more, has a plumb line
that might be a little more,
as you say, will
centered and moralistic,
but not in a judgy way.
Just clearly like you
got to do what's right.
>>KELLY: Another thing
about that generation
is their sense of humor.
They have this amazing
sense of humor.
It's a little on the goofy
side, but it really carries--
You have to have
a sense of humor
in order to have
spiritual development.
>>REGINA: Hm-mm.
Absolutely.
>>KELLY: Otherwise, you won't
have any tolerance or patience
or any of that.
>>REGINA: No, just be sitting
in judgment of everything.
I've had those days where, for
whatever reason, just no energy.
A down mood and it's like,
I am so judgy those days,
and I'm so embarrassed.
I'm like, sorry.
Sorry, person I just had
that negative thought about.
I'm the jerk.
I get it.
[LAUGHTER]
>>KELLY: Let me
erase that quickly.
>>REGINA: Yeah, erase.
I mean, we all do
it, especially when
our energy has been depleted.
So in our energy at mass has
been depleted intentionally.
>>KELLY: It has.
Yeah.
If there's one thing
that I could change,
it would be the health
of the population.
When I became a
naturopathic physician,
this was back in when I was 46.
That's a long time ago.
I really was just studying
that because I had developed
a rheumatoid arthritis.
Severe rheumatoid arthritis.
>>REGINA: When you were young.
>>KELLY: Yeah, I was 46 and I
couldn't walk, I couldn't move,
I couldn't open anything.
And so, after trying all
the new age platitudes,
I thought, OK, I need something
with some meat behind it
or some meat on the bones.
And what became so obvious
as I became healthier,
my entire consciousness changed.
And I thought it was already
out of the box, et cetera.
But at that point, that was
when all of the consciousness
came together, integrated, and
I stopped fighting Kundalini.
I started saying, what
can I do with this?
And really started
experimenting,
exploring, researching.
It's when my work as a
researcher into consciousness
really started.
But that health issue,
that is a big thing.
>>REGINA: So such a large
percentage of humans
are walking around
feeling depleted and less
than their ideal selves.
They don't know what
their ideal selves is.
>>KELLY: I know.
>>REGINA: We're so used
to living with fatigue,
discomfort, pain,
and all of that
keeps us from the
brilliance of our being,
from connecting with the
brilliance of our being.
>>KELLY: I know.
>>REGINA: So, yes,
getting free and out
of pain and having systems
that flow and work together.
Now, when you went
into the future
and were shown the future,
it was a more robust
physical profile of humans.
It was beautiful and the
technologies were beautiful.
And one of the things
is we definitely
start living closer
to nature in the land
and the offerings
of the land again.
>>KELLY: Yeah.
What happens after this period
of chaos is that people regroup.
And they group into what I'm
going to call communities
or families.
They were called
family businesses,
but they were so vibrant.
They lived close to the land.
Education was done at home.
All the children were
kept in the family.
There were no schools.
So there was nowhere
to send your children.
The issue was that people
were very, very focused
on absolute vibrant health.
The houses-- I went into
the houses of the future.
>>REGINA: Tell us about the
houses and the bathrooms.
>>KELLY: Oh, the baths.
Oh, yes.
>>REGINA: I love that part.
>>KELLY: The houses were
like these dome things.
>>REGINA: That's what I've seen.
>>KELLY: And they were
absolutely carefree,
maintenance free.
>>REGINA: Free energy.
>>KELLY: Yeah.
They didn't have wires.
They were operating--
>>REGINA: By energy.
>>KELLY: Yeah, by frequency.
So we walked into this one.
The robes took me into a couple
of homes, and we walked in
and it struck me as this
feels like a hotel lobby, not
somebody's house.
But there were all these
hallways that went off
from the main dome, and these
hallways went to various suites,
maybe, I'll call it.
And the individual had
a bedroom and a bathroom
called a healing room.
And like a study, which
was kind of meditation,
some people called it
their evolution room
because they put some equipment
on and changed their frequency.
>>REGINA: The healing
room, the bathroom.
>>KELLY: The bathroom.
So we went into the bathroom.
I'll skip the huge greenhouse
that was attached to this lobby.
>>REGINA: Yes, because we're
integrated with nature and herbs
and the things that we need.
>>KELLY: Everybody was
growing their own food.
Indoors.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Yeah.
>>KELLY: So we went
into the bathroom
and the bathroom had
this like a natural pool,
like a waterfall of water
going into this rock pool.
And the water was--
you could tell that the
water was not ordinary water.
There was something,
you could smell it.
It smelled fabulous, OK?
The pool was big enough for
like 2, 3, 4 people to get in
and just sit and relax,
kind of like a hot tub.
But it looked like it was made
out of rock natural formation.
There was a mirror on the wall.
There was a huge
circular mirror.
And you would stand in this
one spot in front of the mirror
and it would light
up your energy field.
And you would see your aura.
And you could-- people
have been taught
how to diagnose what was
coming to their physical self
by looking at their lights.
And so if there was a
dark spot or a place
where your lights were not
flashing and sparkling--
>>REGINA: Where the
etheric field was dull.
>>KELLY: Right.
Or it was off color, it
would be like, what is that?
And then if there
was a place where
you had a gusher
where you were losing
just a huge amount of
energy, it'd be like, uh-oh,
there's a problem there.
There was a massage table.
It looked like a massage table
in the middle of the room.
And you would have
somebody come in
and work on you after you
had soaked in this tub.
There were places
that you could stand
and lights would shine on
you that would correct stuff.
It was just an amazing.
>>REGINA: Using all
vibrational therapies
>>KELLY: Yeah.
And if you were really sick,
you went into the healing room
in the main portion of the
community and you had this--
it was probably the size of
this table, this template that
had all of your
frequencies mapped on it
and where your frequency
points, acupressure points
were or acupuncture points.
And this would
be-- this template
would be slid into this table
and you would lay on the table.
And this other thing
would come down
and there'd be another template.
And the two
templates would talk.
They would send a
frequency right through you
and it would correct
whatever was supposed
to happen with that frequency.
So it was amazing.
>>REGINA: I loved that.
I mean, that's
when I first called
you to talk with
me on my show, it
was because of-- it was
actually that bathroom.
>>KELLY: Bathroom.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: No, I love
the whole story,
but I thought the
bathroom was so cool.
>>KELLY: It was.
>>REGINA: The fact that we
get developed to a point
and technology works
with us to reflect back
through our mind, what's
going on in the aura?
What's going on in
the etheric body
so that we can actually see
when we're out of balance
and nip it in the
bud before it ever
becomes manifest into our
physical emotional world?
I thought it was beautiful.
>>KELLY: It is.
It's really important,
I think, for people
to know that chemistry
follows frequency.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>KELLY: So if you don't have
the energy, the frequencies,
the chemistry isn't
going to happen
and the proteins aren't
going to form correctly,
and the interactions
aren't going to take place
and bad stuff happens.
>>REGINA: And it also shows
us that because you're
working with energy matrices,
how quickly change can happen.
It can happen almost at
the speed of thought,
almost instantly.
>>KELLY: That's true.
>>REGINA: And
there are examples,
I'll give you one crazy one.
Joseph Selby's book talks
about this particular woman
who was being studied on
a lot of different levels,
including drawing blood.
She was schizoid-- multiple
personality disorder.
>>KELLY: Oh, wow.
>>REGINA: 10 personalities.
And this team of
doctors studied her.
As each personality
came forward--
>>KELLY: Oh, yes.
>>REGINA: --her eye
color would change.
Moles would grow.
The next person that came
in, they would disappear.
Her body literally
changed with the presence
of each personality, showing
us that we can change almost
at the speed of thought.
That's our true inheritance.
We just don't believe in it yet.
>>KELLY: I think you have to
see it in order to really--
when there's somebody
has cancer and they
have spontaneous remission,
that's what they've done.
They've changed bodies.
It's just somewhere
in the night--
>>REGINA: Their imprint
just changed and manifests
into the physical.
>>KELLY: Right.
>>REGINA: So that is our future.
>>KELLY: Yes.
We are multidimensional.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KELLY: We have to get
comfortable with that.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KELLY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And I was so intrigued
with all of that.
And way back when in the '80s,
you were seeing that these
collectives of people that
you talked about earlier were
doing--
where they were
creating their products
and they were using
some form of--
did you call it a network.
And they were interfacing
with this network where
they could communicate with
people all over the world
and buy and sell goods between
each other on this network
directly, got Amazon now.
See, you brought
that into existence.
>>KELLY: I know.
I have to say, yeah, the little
man of brown robes kept talking
about the global network.
>>REGINA: Global network, yeah.
>>KELLY: And I'm like, OK.
>>REGINA: What's that?
>>KELLY: Yeah, right.
>>REGINA: Well, now we see it
and most of us interface with it
and it has a name and there
are others that have names.
So over time, though,
the main thing
is you saw that the
way people lived
was in familial and
extended community
where there was integrity,
closeness with the land, care
for one another, bringing our
children up closely close to us,
and so forth.
>>KELLY: Let me
mention another thing.
The people in that who make
it into that new world,
their main focus was on
developing themselves.
They were amazingly intuitive.
Even the little kids
had the language.
They had the attitude,
they had the expectations,
they had the assumptions.
We don't have much of that.
I mean, you and the people
you hang with, I'm sure do.
But the children
of the future, they
have it right there
all the things
that we have struggled for.
And I'm like, yes, yes, that's
what we want to pass on.
>>REGINA: That's
where we're going
and that's what we'll
incarnate back to.
>>KELLY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And when
it's our turn to come
in as the we ones, again,
this will already be laid out.
So we know we're setting
up our own inheritance.
Not just our kids,
our own inheritance.
>>KELLY: Oh, the world has
brought that up at a point
when I didn't believe
in reincarnation.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
So that's a little bit, really?
>>KELLY: Yeah.
I'm like, well, maybe I forget
what they were talking about.
And I said, I don't--
do I really have to do
something about that?
>>REGINA: But now it's
kind of nice to know.
>>KELLY: And they said,
well, you don't have to,
but if you don't, then
when you come back,
you're going to have to
deal with the results.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Well, Penny, we are
out of time and we
barely scratched the surface.
So I want to thank you so much,
and for those who didn't already
know your work, I'm
glad we had a chance
to let them get
to know you a bit.
>>KELLY: OK.
Yeah.
For more about Penny's work
and thoughts about the future,
you can go to pennykelly.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]